Mr. Chen and his family saved my life
I'll protect him no matter what.
You, are you really for this trash?
Do it right for my price?
Mr. Sun makes a price
I would like to eliminate disasters
Fall this man
Does my Sun family owe you that money?
Don't kill this person today
How will my Sun family mix in Jiangcheng in the future?
Mr. Chen
Sorry for the trouble, it's not easy to do.
You two are gone now.
Things here are where I come from
The Sun family still doesn't care about it
I won't leave if my brother doesn't leave
Don't worry, outsiders are no match for my brother.
What are you talking about?
You are a countryman
Dare to fight with the Sun family
Don't implicate me
My daughter's words are what I mean
That kid, I'm sure today
Haha Baoding
What guarantee do you get?
This is 1 million
Who wasted this garbage?
Whose 1 million is this?
People want to tear their faces
Haha, go to your house and tell me to tear your face
My fortune has climbed to the big man
I can't save him when I come out today
What a big breath
I see how you move
Boy, I told you to keep your mouth shut forever
Mr. Sun really can't give face
Give you shit face
They all scrapped this garbage for me
Who dares to stop
Kill one piece
Stop
The frog at the bottom of the well does not know the real dragon
Dare to touch Mr. Deer
Do you know who he is?